Docs: Add sponsorship link info to docs (#1758)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/reference/metadata.md

#### Properties

| Property | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `name`   | string | No       | Display name of the link. Special names with predefined behavior: <br/>• `documentation` - sets Documentation link on plugins detail page<br/>• `repository` - used to determine and link to repository of the plugin<br/>• `license` - sets License link on plugins detail page<br/>• `raise issue` - sets "Raise an Issue" link on plugins detail page • `sponsorship` - Sets "Sponsor" link on plugins detail page to help users support plugin developers |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`   | string | No       | Display name of the link. Special names with predefined behavior: <br/>• `documentation` - sets Documentation link on plugins detail page<br/>• `repository` - used to determine and link to repository of the plugin<br/>• `license` - sets License link on plugins detail page<br/>• `raise issue` - sets "Raise an Issue" link on plugins detail page • `sponsorship` - Sets "Sponsor this developer" link on plugins detail page to direct users to how they can support your work  |
```
